Update API version documentation (#606)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/technical-reference/running-modes.md

# Running Modes

Lifecycle Manager (and module operators) can run in two modes:

- single-cluster - deployment mode in which Lifecycle Manager is running on the same clutser on which you deploy Kyma. This mode doesn't require Kyma or ModuleTemplate CRs [synchronization](../technical-reference/api/README.md#synchronization-of-module-catalog-with-remote-clusters).

> - control-plane - deployment mode in which Lifecycle Manager is running on the central Kubernetes cluster that manages multiple remote clusters that are targets for Kyma installations. In this mode, Kyma and ModuleTemplate CRs are synchronized between the central cluster and remote ones. Access to remote clusters is configured using centrally-managed K8s Secrets with `kubeconfig` files with client configurations.

Reviewer: The Secrets do not contain files, they contain the same data as the kubeconfig file... We don't have to be very specific here. Perhaps this is enough:
```suggestion
- control-plane - deployment mode in which Lifecycle Manager is running on the central Kubernetes cluster that manages multiple remote clusters that are targets for Kyma installations. In this mode, Kyma and ModuleTemplate CRs are synchronized between the central cluster and remote ones. Access to remote clusters is enabled via centrally-managed K8s Secrets with required connection configuration.
```

## Deployment / Delivery models

Lifecycle Manager (and module operators) can run in 2 modes:

> - in-cluster - regular deployment in a Kubernetes cluster where Kyma should be deployed, Control Plane manages itself

Reviewer: Maybe "standalone" or "single-cluster" is a better term for that?

> - in-cluster - regular deployment in a Kubernetes cluster where Kyma should be deployed, Control Plane manages itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- standalone - a single cluster mode. The Kyma is deployed in the same cluster where the Lifecycle Manager is running, there's no synchronization of Kyma or ModuleTemplate CRs
```

> - control-plane - deployment on the central Kubernetes cluster that manages multiple Kyma installations remotely (installing Kyma on the remote clusters based on a secret providing connectivity details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- control-plane - the Lifecycle Manager is deployed on the central Kubernetes cluster that manages multiple remote Kyma installations. Kyma and ModuleTemplate CRs are synchronized between the central cluster and remote ones. Access to remote clusters is configured using K8s secrets containing client configs (kubeconfigs) 
```

> To determin the mode for Lifecycle Manager, use the `in-kcp-mode` command-line flag. By default the flag is set to `false`. If set to `true`, modules are installed in the remote clutser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To determine the mode for Lifecycle Manager, use the `in-kcp-mode` command-line flag. By default the flag is set to `false`. If set to `true`, modules are installed in the remote cluster.
```

> The modes target different use cases. While in-cluster mode is useful for the "classic deployment" of Kyma with 1 cluster in play, the general consensus is that for large scale operations, it is recommended to either use an aggregated API-Server or use clusters to manage other clusters (Control Plane).

Reviewer: I would drop this sentence.

> This means that depending on your environment you might be running Lifecycle Manager in one or the other mode.

Reviewer: I would drop this sentence - not useful.

> For local development, as well as for testing and verification purposes in integration testing, we recommend to use the single-cluster mode. For E2E Testing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to use the single-cluster mode for local development, as well as for testing. For E2E Testing,
```
